what's read Italian 68 feet long 20 feet
wide and powered by 222 litre 1260
horsepower engines we hace fortune 68s
so Dan for those that don't know tell us
a little bit about adamant as what motor
yachts are built by the Osment Bonetti
group in Italy they are the world's
largest production boat builder they
build boats from 39 feet to 116 feet
obviously there are so many incredible
features on the azimuth but what's your
favorite this area up here I think is
magnificent I can be driving the boat
entertaining my guests as you can see
from the home typically Italian
world-class leading design
as we'll do wonderful things with
innovative ducky control wherever I move
at the boat will move which makes it
easier to drive tilt adjustable steering
wheel leather helm seat gives me a
commanding position of the boat which we
have all of our electronic displays LCD
displays for the engines chart quaters
navigation repeaters auto pilots and all
about switches and controls for
operating the roof etc
the name of love
have a draw and pleasure
we wait for sunrise
the Asimov 68s is as the name suggests
68 feet long and a one-of-a-kind open
design by Stefano Ragini it's an open
vessel but with distinctly separated
living and sleeping areas that combined
with a perfect balance of windows and
openings the 68s has an electronically
controlled roof which folds on itself
and retracts towards the radar arch to
work with the flow of the wind almost
the entire area is open air when the
rooftop opens once these sliding and
folding glass doors are opened the Salim
behind the pilot station forms an
expansive uninterrupted area that
includes this amazing Stern deck
furnishings include a very original
expandable table with an electrically
operated hideaway plasma TV Dagwood was
still trim and natural rug colored
upholstery at a selected materials in
the dark speak brushed by a woman's love
standing on the scene now this area here
is the driver's seat with its
electrically controlled position and
this to place it here well that's the
guest wishing to enjoy this ride from a
truly privileged viewpoint
Oh
we're wait for sigelei separated on the
lower deck is accessed via stairway from
the South a semicircular staircase takes
us below deck to the guest suite with
double bed cabin and bathroom next door
is another cabin with twin beds and
another bathroom the rear corridor then
leads to the owners magnificent
stateroom
his cabin has a vast bathroom and a cozy
dining area
these sectioned windows insert into the
sides of the hull of the Rohini
trademark and ads for this view we wait
for sunrise
we're wait for sunrise this boarding
platform lowers into the water as does
the swim ladder all about
as English produces a wide array of
yachts ranging from 39 to 116 feet we
wait for sunrise that's number five
experience is everything
you